Q1: How is KNN different from k-means clustering?

 K-Nearest Neighbors is a supervised classification algorithm, while k-means clustering is an unsupervised clustering algorithm. While the mechanisms may seem similar at first, what this really means is that in order for K-Nearest Neighbors to work, you need labeled data you want to classify an unlabeled point into (thus the nearest neighbor part). K-means clustering requires only a set of unlabeled points and a threshold: the algorithm will take unlabeled points and gradually learn how to cluster them into groups by computing the mean of the distance between different points.

The critical difference here is that KNN needs labeled points and is thus supervised learning, while k-means doesn’t—and is thus unsupervised learning.

Q2.What is Bayes’ Theorem?

Answer: Bayes’ Theorem gives you the posterior probability of an event given what is known as prior knowledge.


Q3.What’s your favorite algorithm, and can you explain it to me in less than a minute?


Q4.What is deep learning, and how does it contrast with other machine learning algorithms?
Q5.How would you handle an imbalanced dataset?
Q6.When should you use classification over regression?
Q7.How do you ensure you’re not overfitting with a model?
Q8.How do you handle missing or corrupted data in a dataset?
Q9.What are some differences between a linked list and an array?
Q10.What are the last machine learning papers you’ve read?
Q11.What are your favorite use cases of machine learning models?
Q12.Where do you usually source datasets?
Q13.What are some of your favorite APIs to explore? 
Q14.How do you think quantum computing will affect machine learning?
Q15.Mention the difference between Data Mining and Machine learning?
Q16.Why overfitting happens?
Q17.How can you avoid overfitting?
Q18.What are the five popular algorithms of Machine Learning?
    Decision Trees
    Neural Networks (back propagation)
    Probabilistic networks
    Nearest Neighbor
    Support vector machines

Q19.What are the different Algorithm techniques in Machine Learning?

    Supervised Learning
    Unsupervised Learning
    Semi-supervised Learning
    Reinforcement Learning
    Transduction
    Learning to Learn




Q20.What is the standard approach to supervised learning?
    The standard approach to supervised learning is to split the set of example into the training set and the test.

Q21. Explain what is the function of ‘Unsupervised Learning’?
    Find clusters of the data
    Find low-dimensional representations of the data
    Find interesting directions in data
    Interesting coordinates and correlations
    Find novel observations/ database cleaning

Q22.Explain what is the function of ‘Supervised Learning’?


    Classifications
    Speech recognition
    Regression
    Predict time series
    Annotate strings



Q23.In what areas Pattern Recognition is used?

Pattern Recognition can be used in

    Computer Vision
    Speech Recognition
    Data Mining
    Statistics
    Informal Retrieval
    Bio-Informatics


Q24.Give a popular application of machine learning that you see on day to day basis?

The recommendation engine implemented by major ecommerce websites uses Machine Learning.